feat: add template overview and examples (#126)
go-vela/docs: content/templates/overview.md

---
title: "Overview"
linkTitle: "Overview"
description: >
  Learn about Templates for Vela.
---

A template is a pipeline with one to many defined steps that can be sourced into another pipeline. Templates can live in any repository in a [source control system](/docs/concepts/infrastructure/server/source/) and are expanded at compile time to create the final executable pipeline.

> Templates can take the form of generalized workflows across repositories or complex workflows like matrixes in a single build.

Reviewer: `matrices` is the plural form of matrix

---
title: "Overview"
linkTitle: "Overview"
description: >
  Learn about Templates for Vela.
---

A template is a pipeline with one to many defined steps that can be sourced into another pipeline. Templates can live in any repository in a [source control system](/docs/concepts/infrastructure/server/source/) and are expanded at compile time to create the final executable pipeline.

Templates can take the form of generalized workflows across repositories or complex workflows like matrices in a single build.

> The following YAML tags are not valid inside a template pipeline:

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this should be inside an `alert` block with the `warning` label (color)?

This will help that message "stand out" as users are scrolling through.

i.e.

```
{{% alert color="tip" %}}
The following YAML tags are not valid inside a template pipeline:

- `services:`
- `secrets:`
- `stages:`
- `templates:`
{{% /alert %}}

Author: I like that!

---
title: "Overview"
linkTitle: "Overview"
description: >
  Learn about Templates for Vela.
---

A template is a pipeline with one to many defined steps that can be sourced into another pipeline. Templates can live in any repository in a [source control system](/docs/concepts/infrastructure/server/source/) and are expanded at compile time to create the final executable pipeline.

Templates can take the form of generalized workflows across repositories or complex workflows like matrices in a single build.

{{% alert color="warning" %}}
The following YAML tags are not valid inside a template pipeline:

* `services:`
* `secrets:`
* `stages:`
* `templates:`
{{% /alert %}}

## Template Engines

> At this time the only supported template engine is [Go Templates](https://golang.org/pkg/text/template/). Go templates does allow custom functions to be created and used within the template. We use the [sprig functions library](http://masterminds.github.io/sprig/) in the engine to allow for more options on top of the Go template syntax.

Reviewer 3: > Go templates does allow custom functions to be created and used within the template.

Nitpicky, bit as a user you won't be able to add any functions, is the callout meant to indicate that we would accept PRs to add functions? Otherewise, I would drop and extend the following sentence with: `We extend Go's built-in template functions with the sprig functions library .. `

Author: Ummm.... didn't think about that but I think we are probably open to PRs if there is a valid use case.

Reviewer 3: no problem. i can see someone misinterpreting that and thinking they can add functions.. that's the only reason i piped up.

Author: I can update it, we haven't merged yet. I think your phrasing might sound more appropriate

Author: @wass3r Updated the phrasing on it 😄

## Template Engines

> At this time the only supported template engine is [Go Templates](https://golang.org/pkg/text/template/). We extend Go's built-in template functions to add the [sprig library](http://masterminds.github.io/sprig/) in the engine to allow for more options on top of the Go template syntax.

Reviewer 4: I think this could be clarified with the simple change suggested

```suggestion
At this time the only supported template engine is [Go Templates](https://golang.org/pkg/text/template/). We extend Go's built-in template functions by utilizing the [sprig library](http://masterminds.github.io/sprig/) in the engine to allow for more options on top of the Go template syntax.
```

Author: Fixed
